Add type hints to make_tableau function (#155)
drvinceknight/Nashpy: docs/contributing/discussion/types/index.rst

Detection of type hints using mypy
====================================

> Python is an explanatory language that does not need to declare the types of variables. 
> This facilitates the writing of our program, but it brings inconvenience when reading and understanding the code. 
> However, python can still mark the types when writing, which increases the readability of our code. 
> `Mypy <https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction.html>` is a detection of manually marked variable declarations.

Reviewer: ````suggestion

Optional type hints can be added to python code which allows specification
of the type of a variable. Type hints were specified in 
`PEP484 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/>`. 

Type hints are ignored when running the code but can be statically analysed 
using a tool like `Mypy <https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction.html>`.

````

> 
> Once installed, he will test the artificially marked types. And provide his opinion on whether this type is correct or not. 
> 
> Mypy requires Python 3.5 or later to run. Once you've installed Python 3, install mypy using pip::
> 
>     $ python -m pip install mypy
> 
> Once mypy is installed, run it by using the mypy tool::
> 
>     $ mypy test.py
> 
> This command makes mypy type check your :code:`test.py` file and print out any errors it finds. Mypy will type check your code statically: this means that it will check for errors without ever running your code, just like a linter.
> This means that you are always free to ignore the errors mypy reports and treat them as just warnings, if you so wish: mypy runs independently from Python itself.
> However, if you try directly running mypy on your existing Python code, it will most likely report little to no errors: you must add type annotations to your code to take full advantage of mypy.
> 
> For example, The following code::
>           
>              a:str=1
>              print(type(a))
> 
> As a result, our code type is int::
>             <class 'int'>
> 
> But here we get a warning from mypy that there is a problem with the variables we marked::
> 
>             Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "int", variable has type "str") (1:7)
> 
> If we change the code type to the correct type::
>             
>            a:int=1
>            print(type(a))
> 
> Mypy will give us such an answer::
> 
>           Mypy found no problems
> 
> 
> We declare the correct variable type, which is also consistent with mypy's detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This fits more in a how to guide so we can remove it from here.
